Now that we covered the core basics or fundamentals of mongodb and what the data you store in looks like and how
we work with that data,
it's time to dive a bit deeper into these crud operations.
I already gave you an overview and you saw how you can generally insert, read, update and delete documents
but now it's time for some additional information starting with the c in crud, the create part.
So what's inside this module? Now
I'll not bore you by just showing you the two insert methods again,
I will show them to you but I'll also explain a bit more what they do and how you can configure them.
So we'll have a look at these document creation methods and since this is also kind of related to creating
documents, we'll also have a look at how you can import an existing set of data into a database because
that also is a common operation, that you don't just have an application that might be inserting new
documents but that you already have a set of data, maybe exported from a different database,
doesn't matter where it comes from and you want to get that into MongoDB,
so I'll show that in this module too.